# PricelessEdu
#### Video Demo:  https://youtu.be/aGM9KpTHy5E
#### Description:
This website was done for PricelessEdu project that provides students in Russia with free education taught by students of my school. This website allows admins to create streams during which either registration or the study goes. Also, it has three different sign up forms for students, teachers and admins. After student or teacher submits his application, its review by admins and either accepted or reject via website. Admins are also able to create majors, or direction of study in other words, that students and teachers apply for. After a teacher is accepted, he is able to create courses where he can publish link for zoom lessons with him and include students once they're accepted. Generally, this website helps to automate some processes such as application and sending the decision and contacting students to share the link for lessons.
Switching to the files I have in this solution, there are lots. I've used ASP.NET as my main platform because i'm used to it but haven't yet tried doing something big. Firstly, i have directory of models. Here I also have subdirectory of helpers, which are used for different reasons: effectively pass data to my views or add image to some model, as at first i'm capturing an object of IFormFile type and then convert it into byte array to store in the database. Main models i'm using are a base model or person, which student and teacher expands, course, major and stream. As you can see there's plenty more, but those are product of many-to-many relationships i've configured between students and courses, students and majors, teachers and majors, teachers and courses.
In general directory, I have common files for MVC ASP.NET app, such as Startup, Program and appsettings, that allow me to run the app. Apart from them, there's PricelessContext, which I need to make migrations and work with database in general as I'm using Entity Framework. This framework is extremely useful for database websites, because it supports many different databases and unifies the way I access those. After Models are added and PricelessContext is created, I did several scaffoldings to create base MVC controllers to handle models which also created base Views.
In controllers, each controller is responsible for the model name of which controller includes. Each controller contains base MVC logic to render pages such as create, index, details, edit, delete. Apart from that, those controllers have additions, for example editing image.
In views, I have all the pages that website contains, and each of them is put inside the general layout where I specified navbar and footer that are the same across pages. My design was based on what the project's CEO wants to see on the website, but it was just me who was developing both backend and the frontend for the website.
Although I don't have much javascript code, there're two scripts, one of which is responsible for validating forms and an animation with eye on password that shows or hides it. Second script is a language switcher, and if a person switches language on one page and then moves to another, the new page will be displayed in the language user switched to.
I also have Services directory that only contains one file which I use to access database whenever I need to in HomeController, which handles base pages, such as the Home page.
